okay guys so I'm going to open my new
GHD midnight collection deluxe gift so I
just wanted to show you the whole date I
love the packaging and everything down
here you can see it's old hell and like
all this beautiful design these stars
are pretty and it's the most beautiful
collection I've ever ever ever seen and
yes this is my very very first th day
yeah so I'm really really excited and
sorry
let's look inside and see what I've got
okay so I've opened everything up and
here we have the hairdryer and it's got
a Duke gold design on top hug that
camera doesn't fall and it looks like
that
it's very pretty and it's that design
and that is really it's really really
light I couldn't believe how loud it was
so that came inside underneath each box
and then um in this bag can you say no
okay so I'll join you in a little I'll
be hey we have a little bag got the hair
straightener timing and zips up just
like that
yeah dips up and inside we have the jang
hijae's companies do not something he's
also got bars and it comes in this
beautiful case and this is heat
resistant sorry that's really good and
then we have the hair straightener um
I'm a kinda a little bit disappointed in
this hair straightener it's a little bit
slippery and I've got one that's not a
GHD and it's not slippery so yeah I
don't like that part about it so I can
see myself burning myself on this maybe
um you probably did not stay one bit of
that did you okay so
that's the hair straightener
and it's gotta to five guys in daddies
and is up say I'm never gonna become a
film crew whatever that goal so that's
what it looks like
and she's got CJ hedged a symbol it's
very pretty and the plights have go yeah
go flights on it awesome something along
those lines and then I'll be there Amira
came with it as well and it is gorgeous
look at it stars are pretty
I thought little midnight collection
candies on it it's very curious stars
yeah that's all of that it's pretty cool
hey guys third place are good whoops
sorry guys I'm terrible at ease but yeah
so that's everything I've got from GHD
and I cook it at our local hair salon
and it cost me exactly three hundred and
nine dollars and I bought you take my
iron money sorry
yeah I'd really like that hang on a
second
I'll show you something
[Music]
look at me how awesome is that I think
it's pretty name
think a types of things inside nothing
so yeah you get hate to stuff with this
collection I totally recommend if you
want to buy jhd it is really worth the
money
sorry until next time guys bye
[Music]
you